{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0506020202030204}Arial Narrow;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f43\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f48\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f55\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial Narrow CE;}
{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Narrow Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Narrow Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Narrow Tur;}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Narrow Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid3891294\rsid6116683\rsid13173779}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.4109;}{\info{\author CIT}{\operator CIT}{\creatim\yr2002\mo9\dy23\hr22\min22}{\revtim\yr2002\mo9\dy23\hr22\min26}{\version2}{\edmins4}{\nofpages12}{\nofwords2626}{\nofchars14974}{\*\company SUNY Geneseo}{\nofcharsws17565}
{\vern16467}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot6116683 \fet0
\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid3891294 The snow blew for hours, covering the town in a cloak of white. The encroaching increasing }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
darkness made the snow seem a dark gray. The sign of the 'Copper Fang' swung precariously in the wind above the doorway of the rundown tavern. In a small lane that ran perpendicular to the main road of Visari, ending at the town walls, the snow swirled. I
t drifted back into the entrance of the inn, where it looked as if someone's attempts to keep it swept had failed, the marks of a broom mostly covered by new drifts.  A man walked toward the rickety }{\insrsid3891294 
tavern. His long black cloak, emblazoned with the blue ins
ignia of Xaos, the Order of the Eye, blown off of his legs by the harsh wind, revealed a long sword sheathed in a scabbard on his right hip.  The hood, shielding his face from the storm, made his identity uncertain.
\par \tab 
The cloaked man approached the old door of the tavern. Paint had long ago chipped away showing the damaged cherry wood. The hinges creaked as the door was opened and a rush of cold air entered the warmly lit anteroom.  An attendant slept slumped against h
is desk.  The man entered, closing the door behind him. He walked up to the desk, his boots thudding against the wooden floor. He rapped on the desk, causing the attendant to wake with a start.  }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
"By my lady's blood... Oh, pardon me, my lord, may I be of service?" stuttered the young man from behind the desk. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid3891294 \tab }{\insrsid3891294 
"This is an inn, correct?" asked the man shaking snow off his cloak and pushing back his hood. Raven hair strung across his face, his eyes, a sea blue, searched the room inquisitively. "Yes, I believe 
we have a few rooms open. You are unaccompanied? If so it's only five silver for the room. You pay for food or drink in the other room." He waved unsteadily in the direction of the door at the north of the room 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 \tab "Aye, I am alone," said the cloaked man, and put a gold coin upon the desk.returning his hands under his cloak.
\par \tab "Go up the stairs, your room is the last one to the back, on the right... number }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 eight."
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-302\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 \tab "Thank you"
\par \tab As he turned, the man's flowing cloak moved to reaveal the sheathed sword to the attendant. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 \tab "Excuse me," said the attendant. "You will have to leave that with me." 
\par \tab "What?" 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs20\insrsid3891294 \tab Less certainly, this time, "Your}{\b\f1\fs20\insrsid3891294  }{\f1\fs20\insrsid3891294 weapon.}{\f36\fs22\insrsid3891294 " 
\par \tab "This?"
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 kdhh}{\fs22\insrsid3891294 Id}{\fs10\insrsid3891294 ' 
\par }{\insrsid3891294 hi}{\fs10\insrsid3891294 ' 
\par }{\fs20\insrsid3891294 II}{\insrsid3891294 hhd}{\fs26\insrsid3891294 to~ 
\par }{\insrsid3891294 IS, ,..S e t e man 0 mg up s sti s[1_eatnyl sword, "Here," He takes the 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-302\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\f36\fs26\insrsid3891294 qV.\{o\\ }{\f36\fs26\insrsid3891294 ~-+,~ \'a54~~ f---1 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-556\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\ul\insrsid3891294 ~~~~.~~~:~~~~_~t~Id }{\insrsid3891294 
it by the blade, as he handed it to the younger man, Just as he was about to take the sword, the cloaked man flipped it, caught the hilt, 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb9\sl-350\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs26\insrsid3891294 b~~t 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-201\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 and ~ the sword to the othet>s throat, "And by the way,you forgot this one." He 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 brought his other sword from within its scabbard and pointed it toward the othe~s heart 
\par 
\par "That could get you killed. I,bylieve that I will keep them... just in case anyone else 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 wishes to demand my cooperation," he comments. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-182\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs14\insrsid3891294 d. a.d 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 The attendant stood in awe as the cloaked man sheathe.s' his swords and walkS }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 up 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 the stairs that led to the rooms. The man entered a hall that on each side was flanked by 
\par 
\par four doors; each door marked with identifying notches in the wood. A lone door stood at 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-340\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs30\insrsid3891294 .5 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 the end of the hall. He walked to the end of the hall, turned to the right and opened the 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 door marked with eight notches. 
\par 
\par The cloaked man entered to find a small square room with only a stand and a bed 
\par 
\par in it. Atop the stand were a water basin, soap, a towel and a candle. He removed his 
\par 
\par gloves, walked over and tested the water, creating ripples in the water. 
\par 
\par "Hmmm. W ann. 
\par 
\par He wet~ his face,then rubbed the soap in his hands and washed his face,then his 
\par 
\par hands, drying both with the towel after. 
\par 
\par "Hmmrn. Good enough, I suppose. I'd better hurry," He remarked to himself. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 He left through the, door, shut it and proceeded toward the stairs. He descended 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 the stairs. He noted that the attendant was apparently asleep again 
\par 
\par "I hope she's her~' the cloaked man sighed 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 He turned and entered the north room that revealed many tables were- filled with 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 patrons~ some sang along with the bard that sat close to the fire and strummed his lute and 
\par 
\par }{\b\insrsid3891294 led the }{\insrsid3891294 songs. 
\par 
\par There was a pair of doors from which a barmaid appeared, carrying two trays, one 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 in each handJone filled with drinks, the other with food~ she miraculously spilled neither 
\par 
\par He searched around and saw n%ne familiar, sighed, and found an empty table. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 He sat for a time and sullenly drank mild ale, watching the people slowly pour out 
\par 
\par of the tavern. His eyes grew heavy and he dozed in a thoughtful stupor for some time, 
\par 
\par until a faint noise woke him 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-460\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs42\insrsid3891294 ~ 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-302\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs26\insrsid3891294 t\{ 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 He noticed that all of the people had left and the fire had died down to glowing 
\par 
\par embers that lit the room only faintly. His mind detected some sort of disturbance in the 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 room such as an unseen moth or some other thing. 
\par 
\par }{\i\fs22\insrsid3891294 "She never arrived. I need to go to sleep. I have traveled too long, perhaps she 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb72\sl-302\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs26\insrsid3891294 h 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs22\insrsid3891294 will be here in the morning," }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 J;:le mulled to himself. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 He walked out the door into the anteroom. The attendant jumped at the sound of 
\par 
\par the shutting door. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 The man, still in his cloak, walked up to l-tlm. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "Have you seen a beautiful pale, 
\par 
\par blond haired, elven wodn? Perhaps she is using one of your rooms?" 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 The younger man's eyes twitched as if they were to widen but had seemed to be 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 forced to stay unchanged. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs22\insrsid3891294 "Why does he look surprised?" 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 Responding a little W hastily to the question the boy replied\}"No, I have not seen }{\insrsid3891294 anyone by that description this day.\'94}{\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 .If she arrives tell her that Nelat has retired for the night and she should employ 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 a room here and we will talk in the mom." He turned but then/in afterthought,turned 
\par back. "Also, tell her I wil]/\\for her lodging." 
\par 
\par Nelat turned and walked up the stairs. When he had reached the top he felt a faint 
\par 
\par fluttering of something moving undetected below. He paused and heard faint whispering 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 * }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 Audire,* Nelat }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 uttered. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 His hearing was then much more adequate. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "... Was }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 that }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 man?" said a gruff voice below, 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-302\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs26\insrsid3891294 ~ 
\par 
\par "He checked in this evening and he just came and asked about that girl you forbid 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-460\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs26\insrsid3891294 me to say anything about," the ~~ of the attendanl~ """'") "Where is his room?" ~ another voice. , 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb38\sl-144\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs26\insrsid3891294 
\par }{\fs26\insrsid3891294 "Number eight." \'a5~- ; ""'r 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "Good." 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\insrsid3891294 And then, suddenly}{\f1\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb86\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 movements below coming toward the stairs, suspected magic had helped diminish the 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 nOIse. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "Demon's fire!" Nelat cursed under his breath silently running up the hall. He 
\par 
\par noticed that the door at the end of the hall had no notches in it and figured then that it was 
\par 
\par not a room to reside in and ducked inside hoping for the best. Inside the room was absent 
\par 
\par of light. 
\par 
\par "Here," said a gruff}{\insrsid3891294  }{\insrsid3891294 voice close outside in the hall. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-182\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs14\insrsid3891294 6- 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 *Lux,* Nelat uttet,softly and the room lit up with a magical glow. He heard the 
\par 
\par sound of the door beyond being forced open. 
\par 
\par The small enclosure that Nelat had entered contained a shelf that held extra 
\par 
\par towels, washbowls, candles and blankets for the rooms. He sensed two small almost 
\par 
\par undetectable cracks on the wall away from the }{\ul\insrsid3891294 door"the 60or. }{\insrsid3891294 The lines ran parallel down 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 the wall starting at the ceiling and ending at the floor. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "He must have entered a different room," said a voice. 
\par 
\par "No, wait," said the second voice outside the door. 
\par 
\par *Offen,* Nelat said almost silently. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-441\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs40\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 The large gray brick panel started to slide quickly downward creating a loud 
\par 
\par grinding sound. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "He is in there, go!" yelled a voice outside the door. 
\par 
\par The panel had opened nearly halfway when Nelat dived through the QpefTe'"d 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 space just as the door behind him opened, splintering by the force of the men 
\par 
\par Nelat landed on stone platform and rolled to the edge of it and nearly tumbled 
\par 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 down a set of stairs. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb28\sl-379\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs34\insrsid3891294 '" 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 * C era, * .He yelled, trying to make the door close behind him, but nothing 
\par }{\insrsid3891294 
\par happened 
\par 
\par The two men that had forced their way in were both carrying an array of weapons 
\par 
\par on their belts and hanging in scabbards. Both looked identical, except one had ~almost 
\par 
\par fresh blade wound that ran from above his left brow, across the bridge of his nose and 
\par 
\par ended at the bottom of his chin> they both looked to be half a head taller than Nelat. 
\par 
\par Nelat began to descend the stairs as rapidly as he could, yelling as he ran, *Spinthron. /~sPider web with strands as large rope race~ up the stairs towards the two 
\par 
\par men. A line of liquid fire exploded from behind the men/lighting the web on fire and 
\par 
\par destroying it before it could reach them. 
\par 
\par As Nelat reached the bottom of the staircase he ran into an invisible solid wall 
\par 
\par that fluctuated with color when he made contact with it. The collision sent him falling to 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 the ground on his back)dazed. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-422\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs38\insrsid3891294 ~ 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 Nelat woke to the uneven sounds of pounding drums and a voice from 
\par 
\par somewhere. He slowly opened his eyes to find himself in a small, brick room with a dirt 
\par 
\par floor and a metal door that was the only exit. A small ball of light glowed on the floor, 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 illuminating the }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 room. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "Nelat? Nelat?" the voice said, over and over. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid3891294 "Uhhhh.. ." }{\b\fs20\insrsid3891294 Nelat }{\fs20\insrsid3891294 groaned. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 Nelat tried to bring his hands }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 up }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 to massage his aching head and found that his 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 hands were shackled to the wall with only a few inches of chain between the cuff and the 
\par 
\par wall, where the chains were locked. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "Nelat? Nelat?" the voice repeated. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb120\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\insrsid3891294 "" 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "Ae~ is that you?" Jle replied groggily. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-220\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs18\insrsid3891294 ~ 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "Yes, but never mind, how are you feeling?" ,.ghe replied 
\par 
\par "I would feel a lot better if they would stop that drumming," Nelat moaned. "It is 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb105\sl-220\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs18\insrsid3891294 a\\\\ (,\\5),\\ 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 giving me a worse headache, but otherwise I think I am,alaght." 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "Drumming?" 
\par 
\par They heard a jingle of keys outside the door and ceased their talking 
\par 
\par The two men walked in, still laden with weapons. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 now, but you will not speak until told to." 
\par 
\par "You're to be taken to Him 
\par 
\par They unlocked the shackles from the wall,fe-locking them behind Nelat's backl 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 Then did the same to Ael. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 Aellooked questioningly toward }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 Nelat. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 Nelat shook his head. "No, I want to find out what this is all about first." 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-360\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs32\insrsid3891294 ~ 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 The man with the wound, which looked much more like a minor scar than since 
\par 
\par their last encounter, backhanded Ael, cutting into her cheek with his studded gloves 
\par 
\par "I said you will not talk, ~ery time you talk, something will happen to this ~tch, 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-360\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs32\insrsid3891294 " 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 and I will enjoy it every time, }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 It }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 is payback we shall say. 
\par 
\par ." }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 He pointed toward his face 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par "Ha, can't deal with a battle wound? Come on hit me again, coward, can't even 
\par 
\par deal with a WOn:lCll without having her tied up, or by the help of a wizard?" Ael taunted. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 The man scowled at her. "What, ordered not to kill me? Oh wait, you aren't capable of it 
\par 
\par anyway, probably not even capable of going to bed with a woman." The man glowered 
\par 
\par at her, backhanding her twice more before the other man could intervene. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "You heard our master, they are to be as untouched as we are able to keep them." 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 The other man said, restraining his accomplice 
\par 
\par The first man ripped himself free of the other and pushed Ael out of the room, 
\par 
\par with the point of his sword, while the other man did the same to Nelat but not needing to 
\par 
\par for he walked willingly. 
\par 
\par They were led down a dull gray brick corridor that smelled musty as if they were 
\par 
\par underground. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 While they were walking Nelat looked down to see that his scabbards were empty 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 of their blades, of course, and of his clothing ~ only his cloak was missing. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb144\sl-201\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs16\insrsid3891294 \'a3ve~ 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 They were led to another metal door, which was opened and they ~ pushed 
\par 
\par through into a large chamber that was lit by many torches. In the middle of the room 
\par 
\par stood a man with his back to them, wearing a white cloak with a red emblem on it, the 
\par 
\par emblem of Korangar, the clan of priests that serve the anti-god Saris. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid3891294 cr 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 The priest slowly turned and strode toward Nelat and Ael. He was bald with red 
\par 
\par tattoos swirling in intricate designs on his head, and was about a head or so taller than 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 both Nelat and }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 Ael. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "So, how do you summon that dragon? I know for a fact that you were delivered 
\par 
\par here by one.f()r my henchmen were scouting and saw you land. 
\par 
\par have also heard stories 
\par 
\par that a pale elven woman controls them, and uses them for the accomplishment of Good." 
\par 
\par Aellooked surprised as Nelat looked to her in wonder. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-547\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 
"It would be a great help to me to know, and don't worry)you are not aiding the Korangar cause, as a matter of fact you are hurting it. I plan on destroying those ~ who have hindered my increase of power and not let me do as I please. So how do I 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 evoke its power?" 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "I know nothing of a dragon.. ." Nelat answers. 
\par 
\par "You lie!! Tell and you will die quickly but fail to and you will suffer." 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "Even if I did know I would not tell YOU. I would not permit her to either... if 
\par 
\par she knew!" Nelat replied, pointing to Ael, who had a look of amusement on her face 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "Why }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 do you smile wench?" 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par Ael smiled again, "Oh, nothing, 
\par 
\par }{\f36\fs22\insrsid3891294 " 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 He growle~turning from her. "I will give you two days until you die, Tell me and 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid3891294 ~p.~ 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb38\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 you will die quickl~ in nearly an hour your torture will begin so 1 adviJe~ou decide to 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 tell me soon. Take them back to their cell." 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "Come on," said one man 
\par 
\par "Torture is going to be fun for us just as it is for you except morej" the other with 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 the scar laughed. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs22\insrsid3891294 "i'\\ 
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\fs22\insrsid3891294 to 
\par }{\f1\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 The two men led them back through the door and up the hall. Nelat stopped. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb24\sl-340\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs30\insrsid3891294 '..~ 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "Come on, move!" sa~ the guard walking behind himjabbing a sword into his 
\par 
\par back 
\par 
\par Nelat uttered * Archon fonn.* Lightning crackled and fonned about Nelat's body 
\par 
\par as he transfonned, growing in size. There was a bright flash of light and he attained his 
\par 
\par full power. Flashing light and pure energy encompassed him 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 Ael backed away from him and the two awestruck men, her eyes widened but 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 quickly decreased knowing that this was their chance to defeat them 
\par 
\par He point;~ hands at the man that had been guarding him and lightning streakt~ 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb105\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs22\insrsid3891294 ~\\ ~ }{\i\f36\fs22\insrsid3891294 f.J 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 from his finger~en- the man lurching against the walI.lIe f_ll-, with his face in the dirt. 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb96\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 it" by 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 Ael J;:A<f sneaked behind the other man, who had then come out of his stupor and 
\par 
\par was about to attack Nelat, and brought her entwined fists down upon his head knocking 
\par 
\par him senseless to the ground. 
\par 
\par "Come on, we need not kill them/they are not our problem 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs20\insrsid3891294 e.J. }{\fs20\insrsid3891294 ." }{\b\fs20\insrsid3891294 He turn;8' down a hall 
\par }{\f36\fs20\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 that ran off from the one they had been on~ and beckoned for Ael to follow 
\par 
\par She raced after him/having to run to keep up with his fast stride. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-379\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs34\insrsid3891294 ~~ 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 Nelat opened a door to enter a place that held many weapons on racks jllying 
\par 
\par everywhere. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 "I have been sensing my blades here from the start.1hey are a part of me. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 Nelat searched about for a moment and pulled his blades from a pile. He then 
\par 
\par sheathed them. He retrieved Ael' s weapon, a staff that was the same as the one when they 
\par 
\par had gone their different ways, but never had it been useless. Also, Nelat got four daggers 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\i\fs22\insrsid3891294 i( 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 two of which he put in his belt, and he gave the other two to Ael, which she put ~into 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 places that would be easy to pull them from 
\par 
\par "Come, we }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 must end }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 something. 
\par 
\par ," He returned back up the hall, he barely fit and 
\par 
\par had to run crouched position because of his transfomlation. Once they'reached the main 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 corridor they went back towards the way the guards had just led them from 
\par 
\par Nelat knocked the metal door down before he even reach~ it with a loud crack of 
\par 
\par energy. He advanced into the room, noticing a small door that hadn't been there when 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 they were there last. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 The priest whirled around in surprise 
\par 
\par "Why do you want the dragon? Tell me," he menacing form ofNelat towered 
\par 
\par over even the tall priest, the fonn of Ael next to Nelat stood making him look even more 
\par 
\par foreboding. 
\par 
\par "Gladly, I plan for it to help me to be in certain places faster and destroy things 
\par 
\par with more ease, so I will be able to rule this planet, and destroy all that oppose me, and, 
\par 
\par of course, that includes you and your harlot here." 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb216\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 The priest raisJ his hands and exten~is fingertips, sending a streak of fire 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 toward Nelat. He nearly dodged it, but it caught him in the side, sending him rolling on 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 the ground a }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 little }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 stunned. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 *Pzar,* Ael uttered, looking to Nelat, then advanced toward the dark priest 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb14\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs22\insrsid3891294 \\o.\\'i'\\ 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb4\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 Nelat rose from where he had ~ and a look of new confidence and health 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 radiated from his face 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 The dark priest sent a ball of fire racing toward Ael just for it to be absorbed by 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 her staff. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs22\insrsid3891294 *At least One page Missing*}{\f36\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par }{\f36\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 she saw a red dragon racing down from the heavens a\}\'abf that landed near her on the 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 ground. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-139\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f1\fs10\insrsid3891294 VII 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb4\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "Oh, Kestra, mat has happened? Damoc)the same that Xaos told me would 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 destroy the one I love>killed Nelat. I never had time to tell him of that or that I was 
\par 
\par seeking to destroy Damoc and that who the dragon that I supposedly controlled was, the 
\par 
\par only thing I accomplished was to finish the quest that I was not on, we have defeated 
\par 
\par Darnoc 
\par 
\par "Child, do not be sad. It was because of fate that this has all happened 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 [, }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 too will 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par grieve, but we must go and tell of the new imbalance of }{\i\fs22\insrsid3891294 good to }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 Xaos, before all that 
\par 
\par 'he huge dragon had an extremely commanding but comforting voice as she tried to aid 
\par 
\par Ael. "I will fly you to Xaos, that way we can arrive there quickly, and grieve for Nelat 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 but always remember that is now with Xaos 
\par 
\par "Wait, I must say goodbye to him 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 the }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 grass }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 and knelt down 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "Goodbye, my 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-259\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs22\insrsid3891294 ," }{\b\fs22\insrsid3891294 Ael walked over to the fonn ofNelat lying in 
\par }{\fs22\insrsid3891294 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 love." A tear ran from her eye and landed on 
\par 
\par Nelat's face and created a small splash. She kissed him good-bye and was rising to leave 
\par 
\par when she thought she saw a flicker of movement from him and turned. His eyes 
\par 
\par flickered and opened showing his blue eyes that had a look of gratefulness in them 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb19\sl-340\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs30\insrsid3891294 ~ 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-278\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\insrsid3891294 "Thank you," }{\i\insrsid3891294 Be }{\insrsid3891294 whispered. 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl-321\slmult0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\f36\fs28\insrsid3891294 ~ 
\par }}