{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs24\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Both Native and Tourist\par
\par
\par
\tab In essence, Jamacia Kincaid's whole essay is designed to reveal the undercurrents of the colonialism that happened not only to Jamacia, but also the other european colonies around the world that became subsidized by their mother country.  Part of the essential problem with the colonial system that Kincaid pointed out was that leaving a country that you consider civilized and going to one that you consider savage makes you be unsatisfied with that country and your surroundings.  This in turn makes you try to recreate in that new place what you had at home.  The people who went to the colonies and governed and built and introduced modern technologies into these countries had a certain dislike for their situation and for the country itself.  They would try to create copies of their original country instead of allowing the history and culture and identity of the natives to remain.  \par
\tab The documentary "life and debt" is flooded with instances of people for whom the country was not their native country, and who brought in every single brick and every part of what they built from outside, in order to escape their present location.  In essence, they were trying to recreate the ephemeral ideal of their homeland, but falling short.  That onslaught of newness, of foreigness, had the effect of making the natives feel as if they were considered unworthy, degrading their confidence in their own enterprises, but also their spirit for and access to their own way of life.  \par
\tab Imperialism and Colonialism, where the countries of Europe, for the most part, spread themselves out and collected colonies as if they were a material good, to be brought back to the mother country, disregarding any possibility of usefulness as something seperate.  It made for a legacy of countries that were sliced up and parcelled in ways that, on top of the stripping them of their resources, tried to force their very identity of being a previously existing country or tribe or people to be taken away. In place of their history, they were given arbitrary distinctions that persist to the modern day and create strife.  When people don't have colonialism forcing them to conform to the mother country's wishes and perception of them any longer they have only their history to fall back on.\par
\tab Kincaid makes note of the fact that the politics of colonialism, though that is supposedly gone now, were really an inconsequential part of the whole process.  In truth it was the people who were there, and their reasons for not accepting their new environment that caused the status of an abandoned colony to be so undesirable, and to be such a problem.  Even though the mother country had pulled out, the nation remained a colony in spirit, just because the people put in power by colonialism were still in place.  The power structure stayed unchanged, as we see with the Mill Reef Club, "built by some people from North America who wanted to live in Antigua and spend their holidays in Antigua but who seemed not to like Antiguans" (Kincaid 27).  \par
\tab What, then is the point?  Do we dissent her ideas, do we dissent that colonialism was bad, that colonialism hasn't left, that the effects of colonialism are broad, deep, and long lasting.  No.  How could we?  Even as Americans, throughout our education, we've been told.  It has been said that the colonies were arbitrarily made and then broken, their people exploited.  Whether the effects that resulted from those factoids has been -seen- is another matter.  \par
\tab So it has been less emphasized that these people are still broken from that past event, that the modern era has not been a silver bullet for the problems resulting from eras of repression.  Still, where is the uniqueness?  What is Jamacia Kincaid trying to tell us?  What is she trying to say?\par
\tab From \ul heart of darkness\ulnone , we get the idea that just coming into contact with these cultures that are foreign to us are beyond human capability, as when Kurtz utters the phrase "The Horror! The Horror!" (Conrad 119) on his deathbed.  The heart of darkness phenomenon could be assumed to be applied to all people.  Anyone who goes outside of their range will find themselves corrupted by the newness and the uncertainty and alieness of the cultures that they find.  In part, this is why cultures close to each-other are safe.  They're like a buffer zone before you get to a real foreigness, beyond your regional borders, beyond the actual similarities that are created between adjacent space.  In one sense, the US has allowed itself to be cursed or blessed by isolation and uniformity, as it keeps us from having to stretch beyond our comfort zone, and yet makes our understanding other nations harder.  \par
\tab In the view of Jamacia Kincaid, everyone everywhere is either a tourist or a native.  Being a tourist is being a user, a destructive force, and being a native is being a creative- or at least preservative -force.\par
\tab Part of Kincaid's message, then, must be to learn to accept people's customs where you go instead of destroying them.  Not to enter the customs, but to try to understand them first.  It is common to try to imitate the people that you are surrounded by when you are in a foreign situation.  But if "you try eating their way, you look silly; you try eating the way you always eat, you look silly" (Kincaid 17).  And even if it worked, it would really be a lie.  You cannot become instantly part of a foreign country any more than you can make a copy of your home in a foreign country.  The meaning is lost.  So what, then, is the solution?\par
\tab Like all good solutions, it's really a matter of degree.  You have to acheive a balance between who you are, where you come from, your history and culture and incorporating part of the new place into you.  To contribute yourself as a peice of the new place, instead of simply copying or ignoring it.  Part of that is moderation, trying to keep yourself from taking for granted the good things that you find and being disgusted by the things that you consider to be bad.  \par
\tab The second part of Kincaid's message, to go along with trying to understand but not usurp the culture and viewpoint of those that you see around you, is that you should question policies that you have not examined closely enough in your own life and your own country.\par
\tab Kincaid often uses the technique of showing a certain perspective and then immediately switching to an opposite perspective.  She uses this over the course of the essay from beginning to end to encourage the adoption of multiple viewpoints.  It is amusing to realize how Kincaid works from the first part of her essay as the viewpoint of the tourist, around whom revolves "a sun that is your personal friend" (Kincaid 13) as well as the native, "someone who had to live day in, day out in a place that suffers constantly from drought" (Kincaid 4).  From that point, she changes at the end of the essay to a choice of perspectives of two types of natives, one chained to the past, and the other set loose in the future.  "no longer slaves, once they are free, they are no longer noble and exalted; they are just human beings." (Kincaid 81)  It has become you at that point, and you have to deal with her message that you are to struggle with only your own ability or lack to use or blame and you have to deal with the problems before you instead of revisiting those in the past.\par
\tab The reason that she does this is because people are set in their ways.  When coming from a certain lifestyle, a person will be set in a certain mode for that lifestyle.  To leave your sanctuary of home and interact with people living other lives, you have to let go a bit of the things that you normally try to keep in mind for yourself in order to remember that these people who surround you, giving you company, also have their own problems and wishes and dreams to deal with.\par
\tab Just as her full essay has an over-reaching idea of the ability to change one's viewpoint, she seems to be saying that to change one's viewpoint is in the same way the solution.  If you can see from the perspectives of the people who you are coming into contact with, then they will be your friends, your family, they will be you.  There will be never be the first thought of perpetuating some evil, some detriment, upon them, because you wouldn't do that to yourself.\par
\tab Then, again, we have the problem that nations, countries, any political entity doesn't have the capacity for empathy, nor the ability to feel compassion for another group of people.  Kincaid points out throughout that lack is a problem, and it should reveal that nations are arbitrary distinctions, and thus detrimental ones.  A nation stands for nothing more than a group of people with a certain amount of power.  Kincaid illustrates this by telling of the prime minister who "now thinks that the government of Antigua is his own business" (Kincaid 72), which shows how national and political identities become nothing more than power and ways to economic advancement.  Much of Kincaid's essay deals with hypocrisy, the hypocrisy of tourists (who buy "awful things they then take home, put in their attics" (Kincaid 44)), government (which with "its motto of Independence 'A People to Mold, A Nation to Build' has not had a proper library" (Kincaid 44)), and of economics ( where "the largest Japanese-car dealership... ...bears the name of a Syrian national, but some of the ministers of government own shares in it, and that is why all government vehicles are that particular brand"(Kincaid 58)), all of which boils down to a hypocrisy of power.\par
\tab Throughout the essay, Kincaid also hints at a native dilemma, which is that they become accepting of corruption that is too close to them.  Natives become inured against hypocrisy that is too close to home.  In American culture, the same thing happens continuously, we speak about ways in which our government is saying one thing but doing another, but we do not act to stop it from happening the next time.\par
\tab Jamaica Kincaid's message that these things have been done, that our history consists of these essential elements that meant pushing off of other people to get that first step, that we should both accept our pasts and responsability for it, but also to not dwell in them.  She says of the Antiguan view of the past as yesterday has made it so that "the more meaningful the thing, the more meaningless we make it" (Kincaid 8).\par
\tab In the end, Kincaid seems to give the underlying message that we all need to master our own problems and interests and look to solve those before we should look towards fixing or not even just not causing other people's problems.\par
}
 