{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs24 The Hare and the Fox\par
Fredrick Douglass' \i The Fourth of July\i0\par
\par
\par
\tab Fredrick Douglass' speech seems designed to attack the listener.  He, like a slave driver, looks to whip his crowd into action.  Throughout the speech he identifies himself as different from the crowd, as if the crowd were a villain in a play, and the crowd were southern plantation owners, themselves were slave owners.  It is an attack with a purpose behind it.\par
\tab Douglass' speech also attacks his listeners sensibilities.  He looks to create outrage, he wants his listeners to be outraged in the beginning.  He seems to even want them to be outraged at him, in the beginning.  They have to think: what is he saying, why is he attacking us?  We're not the enemy.  But to him they are the enemy, they're the ones who are letting it occur without protest.  A friend of my enemy is my enemy also.  Inaction, to douglass, is just as unjust as the unjust action itself.  \par
\tab It seems as if Douglass has a certain insight into how the crowd is thinking.  At this point he knows that the crowd believes themselves above the conflict, above the problem, because they have not perpetuated it.  But his argument is in part to force them to realize that they are part of the problem whether they are directly causing it or not.  \par
\tab Douglass begins his speech with an expression of humility, telling how his own nature has "little experience in addressing public meetings" (1) .  He expresses his purpose, and then immediately expressing the purpose of the fourth of july, the creation of the nation.  Immediately thereafter he distances himself from the listener, distancing himself from the crowd.  He counts himself as an outsider.  It becomes "your nation" (1) instead of our.  He denies being any part an owner of the country.  \par
\tab He speaks of his hope for the US because the US is a youthful nation, its "Seventy-six years... ...but a mere speck in the life of a nation." (1)  He says that it is lucky that it is not a great stream of a nation because "great streams are not easily turned from channels".  By the streams he means that the US is taking a course that is reprehensible.  Only the fact that it is young and it has the potential for maturation allows the hope that that change will occur, and that this change can be turned like the river.  He then warns that great rivers are also things that are set in their course, can't be turned from it.  And thus the only two things that can happen to a great river is either that it continues on its course, or it dies and withers.\par
\tab There are certain stages of douglass' speech.  At first he is reverrent, then he turns agressive, becoming accusatory.  And he has reasons.  He shows how this independence day is a shallow celebration, because it is not celebrating people, it is celebrating elitism, it is celebrating the ability of the few to be free, and not for all of the nation's people to be free.  He then turns to the next stage, which is to come back around, to come back and say that there is hope and change is the solution, and that he has hope for that change to happen.\par
\tab Douglass also confronts the people with their own religion, with christianity, reasoning with referrences out of the bible to display how these things that are being ignored could be the downfall, as Babylon was "thrown down by the breath of the Almighty"(2), and the same could happen to those who ignore the suffering.  It is almost as if he threatens them with divine retribution.  \par
\tab For his own part, he also says who am I to celebrate?  How could I be a thinking, feeling human being, I who am so close to these people who are oppressed.  I was once one of them.  If I were to celebrate myself, it would be even more of a betrayal of "those I represent"(1).  \par
\tab He attacks the state of both religion and state by saying  "in the name of the constitution and the Bible which are disregarded and trampled upon" (2).  He uses the edicts of the slave holders themselves, the southern slave states and their laws, in order to solidify the inevitable conclusion that slaves are known to be human, that slaves are known to be human because they are being acted against as humans, because these laws are being put into effect to keep their human wants and needs in line.  Amusingly, he says why should I "argue that man is entitled to liberty" (3) "You have already declared it. (3) \par
\tab Douglass says that abolitionists and people who sue for liberty may fail to make a good impression because like a preacher, they admonish the people who they speak to.  It's a matter of negative or positive feedback.  Do we discourage the bad things or do we encourage the good things?  But in this case, he argues, encouraging the good things is pointless.  Encouraging the true, saying that slaves are human, that a slave is "rightful owner of his own body" (3), that they should be free, is pointless because it is already proven.  "Nobody doubts it." (2)  He says they need "scorching irony, not convincing argument" (3) as admonishment for continued inaction.  Douglass is showing the hypocrisy of the American people.\par
\tab He shows it again when he says that the slave trade has been "denounced with burning words" (4) and that slave trade has been repressed, that slave trade from other countries to the US is no longer allowed.  But to trade slaves legally within the country, to allows slaves to grow up and then to trade them in between the states that allow slavery is perfectly fine and legal.  There is no stigma attached to the domestic trade of slaves, which is in fact "deemed honorable" (4).  \par
\tab The fugitive slave law includes a part that indicates that people who give asylum to slaves are doing an illegal act, and therefore that asylum itself is an illegal act, that kindness, mercy, giving food or shelter to them, are all acts that the country does not sanction.  He says that this should be considered "one of the grossest infringements of Christian Liberty" (5) to the church.  The church should not allow this to happen, because they are based upon the ideal of mercy, that they give, they forgive all people, they protect people.  But they do not respond to it.  \par
\tab The irony of the situation is that this law is enacted, but the church does not take it to be "a declaration of war against religious liberty" (6).  Therefore, the church has to be considered to be furthering slavery.  To not disagree with the idea that a certain class of people should be given mercy is logically the same as the church sanctioning slavery itself.  And that is paramount to saying that god -intended- slavery, that god believes that slavery is right.  And yet the irony that douglass points out is that in truth slavery is a blasphemy in the eyes of God.\par
\tab But Douglass then argues that the church's lack of action in agreeing with the fugitive slave laws is nowhere near as bad as the fact that they don't seek to abolish slavery on their own.  He says that "There is no power out of the church that could sustain slavery an hour, if it were not sustained in it." (6) and thus inactivity is paramount to stripping the rights of the slaves.  The churches are obeying a law of man before a law of god, and that is sin.  \par
\tab Douglass notes America's willingness to fight for the independence of the european nations, of peoples within europe, but their unwillingness to accept the fight in America, the fight in their own back yard of the enslaved people there.  But for Douglass, knowledge, the fact that each nation, in this age, is known to all of its fellows, the fact that to all who trade with it, the information of what happens in a country can become known, is a saving grace of the modern world, with respect to the existence of slavery.  He says this knowledge will allow no wrong to "hide itself from the all-pervading light." (8) and that eventually its people will come together to get rid of that revealed injustice.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 